WIP PR for SRVLOGIC-310: Document "Job Service" section in the OSL docs (#81945)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-job-service-eventing-api-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/serverless-logic/serverless-logic-job-service.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-logic-job-service-eventing-api-config_{context}"]
= Eventing API configurations

The Job service supports a Cloud Event based API for creating and deleting jobs. This API is used for deployment scenarios where event based communication between the workflow runtime and the Job service is needed. You can use either the Knative Eventing system or the Kafka messaging system to transport these events.

[id="serverless-logic-job-service-knative-eventing-system_{context}"]
== Knative Eventing system

> By default, the Job service Eventing API is configured to work with the Knative Eventing system. Without any additional configuration, it can receive CloudEvents through Knative Eventing to manage jobs. You must still set up your Knative Eventing environment to ensure proper delivery of these events to the Job service. 

Reviewer: You could rephrase last part of the sentence for clarity:

```suggestion
By default, the Job service Eventing API is configured to work with the Knative Eventing system. Without any additional configuration, it can receive CloudEvents through Knative Eventing to manage jobs. Ensure that your Knative Eventing environment is properly configured to guarantee the correct delivery of CloudEvents to the Job service. 
```

.Example of Create Job event trigger configuration 
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Trigger
metadata:
  name: jobs-service-postgresql-create-job-trigger
spec:
  broker: default
  filter:
    attributes:
      type: job.create
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: v1
      kind: Service
      name: jobs-service-postgresql
    uri: /v2/jobs/events
----

.Example of Delete Job event trigger configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Trigger
metadata:
  name: jobs-service-postgresql-delete-job-trigger
spec:
  broker: default
  filter:
    attributes:
      type: job.delete
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: v1
      kind: Service
      name: jobs-service-postgresql
    uri: /v2/jobs/events
----

. Example of Job service sink binding configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sources.knative.dev/v1
kind: SinkBinding
metadata:
  name: jobs-service-postgresql-sb
spec:
  sink:
    ref:
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Broker
      name: default
  subject:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    selector:
      matchLabels:

>         app.kubernetes.io/name: jobs-service-postgresql

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        app.kubernetes.io/name: jobs-service
```

>         app.kubernetes.io/version: 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

----

[id="serverless-logic-job-service-kafka-messaging-system_{context}"]
== Kafka messaging system

To enable the Job service Eventing API using the Kafka messaging system you must provide the following configurations:

[cols=4,options=header]
|===
|System properties using environment variables

> |System properties with Java like names

Author: Okay, thank you so much! I will make the changes
